hello everyone its Elena and I'm back
with another Cambridge vlog so I've been
on vacation for about three days
it is Monday it's not really morning
anymore it is like 10 a.m. I have done
nothing so far
except for sipping tea and that really
does not count and when I say it I've
been on vacation for three days what I
really mean is I've had supervision and
lecture free time to do more work just
in case you thought that I actually went
on holiday nope so here's what I have to
do I have to write an essay because as I
said my winter break is just time to do
more work so after writing an essay for
family long and that essay is due on
December 15th it is December 9th we're
doing great
to be honest we're on top of our work
yesterday I already wrote an essay and
handed in so we only have one essay left
that's beautiful
the thing is there's a lot more work to
do this break just as I say so we're
doing alright but there was a lot to do
so because there is a lot to do I did s
to do list and this is something that I
think you should always do when you go
on holiday the first thing is make it
Julis so I have this list here on my
iPod I'm to be fat I used to just do it
on paper but I've kind of discovered
that goodnotes has all these nice
templates and there's just no point in
wasting paper so I just did that and
basically my to-do lists are color-coded
and I'm just gonna put it right next to
me if I can figure out how to edit this
so everything that is pink is my
priorities there was a things that
really need to get done this break and
you can see most things I think because
we have to do this then the things that
are dark blue are things that are
important but they're not you know 100%
necessary
they're like 85% necessary so we still
want to do them but I didn't know a
priority than the pink ones and then we
have this light blue one and there's
only one and that is a jerk
paper for journal so um I'm thinking of
writing a paper for an undergraduate
journal do I have time to do that
probably all so if I don't have the time
to do it um then this won't be happening
because this is my lowest priority
because this is absolutely not necessary
there's just a topic I'm really
interested in I would like to write on
it but I don't know if I have the time
to do that because that is like 10,000
words so that is like if we get our
together and we get everything done then
I get to write this paper so just would
be like my reward you know your camera
student when your reward for doing a lot
of academic work is to write a 10,000
word academic paper okay so okay what
are we gonna do now because I slept in
the reason I slept in is that I'm sick I
don't know if you can hear that but um
basically I took a lot of painkillers
and I drank a lot of tea and now I feel
better and now we're gonna work yeah so
the plan now is I'm gonna work in my
room until 12:00 and I'm gonna go over
my jurisprudence notes because there are
some readings that I didn't get done
over the term and I need to get them
done so the plan is I'm just gonna do
these readings I've already identified
rich readings I still need to do they're
all marked pink on my readings and so I
just need to do them so that's the plan
until 12:00 I don't think I'm gonna get
all of them done by 12:00 um to be fair
I think that it's gonna take more time
but I'm gonna work on that until 12:00
then I'm gonna go and get lunch and then
I'm gonna work on my family law essay
because that one's due in December 15th
I want to hand it in today and yeah once
I'm done with working on that essay
we're gonna go back to jurisprudence
yeah that's the plan let's do it so guys
welcome to why I do all my work so this
is what you know I want my notes to look
like so basically these are nodes which
are completely done for jurisprudence so
you can just see like I highlight it a
little bit in my notes time drew some
stuff please don't judge my art guys
there's a reason I'm studying law in the
halls and that reason is I have more
talent for one of them so yeah those are
just you know two
Elena nodes these are relatively short
because for jurisprudence we have
relatively little reading which is rare
for law but yeah it happens occasionally
so these are nodes that you know we like
because all of our readings on these are
done now what we don't like is notes
like these because whenever there's pink
it means Elena hasn't gotten her
together yeah so basically here my
professor just told me some essays so I
don't know how many of these are sugary
I read one of these it is plural that is
not enough I think I'm gonna do two or
three more and yeah then I think my
notes for supervision to you from
jurisprudence will be complete so let's
do it
[Music]
okay so we finished one on that took a
bit longer than I wanted to do because
the third essay I read was just a lot um
yeah not really sure if I should have
read the Fed one maybe I should have
just stopped the second one because the
third one was basically going into a
fury days beyond our syllabus by
comparing it with a theory that is in
our syllabus and because we don't really
do a lot of like direct challenging with
that particular theory of well don't be
nice you know I could like sprinkle it
in my essay somewhere but that was hard
to read so but we're done and if you
think my notes are really short um they
probably are given that like each of
these chapters are quite long but the
thing is I try to keep my notes as short
as possible because i later make study
notes from these reading notes and you
cannot study free pages of notes on an
article so try to keep it short and
simple and then you have an easier time
writing your study notes so we have one
reading note said complete which means
we have two more to go for jurisprudence
yay
[Music]
okay so it is 12 o'clock now so I'm
gonna pack up all my stuff and then I'm
gonna go get lunch and then I'm gonna
move to the library where I should have
been this morning at Manny am what I was
in bed you know being sick eating
painkillers getting better
um I'm not feeling amazing but I'm not
feeling terrible and if I'm not feeling
terrible and working because I'm a
workaholic and you know I don't allow
myself to make too many excuses although
I did this morning to be there but I
have this ability to sleep away in a
list I don't know like my body really
has that like it doesn't always work but
like for things like a cold like I can
like actually done just sleep like 14
hours in one go and I'm good um yeah
that's my talent can I put this on my CV
this account is this a thing I don't
know anyway um here's the plan now I'm
gonna pack up my stuff and then I'm
gonna go and get lunch and I think I'm
gonna finish this one chapter which I
was working on now which is actually a
written really really well um my
supervisor is a professor he often sets
his own writings but I really really
like that because he's an amazing writer
and like a fangirl who's writing a lot
to my friends because um he rides very
very clearly and jurisprudence can be
quite complicated but like he maps it
out and I can really clear away and I
can just read it and you're like I think
I'm getting this you know like on the
first go
that's a lovely feeling when you're in
university like that is the feeling you
want when you eat something so yeah I'm
gonna finish that one when I'm in the
library and then I'm gonna write my
essay for Emily at all because it needs
to be written and I'm gonna hand in my
essay on the way back from the library
because I handwrite it so I have to hand
it in in like a hard copy version I also
always get it by the way guys if you
hand write your essays always scan them
because if they get lost you have to
rewrite them otherwise
so just scan them so you have a backup
it's really really important I've ones
lost I had written
say because it wasn't delivered to my
supervisors pigeonhole for some reason
not fun you don't want to rewrite an
essay so don't do that to yourself so
I'm gonna do that and I'm gonna hand it
in on the way back because I'm planning
to finish it this afternoon I'm not sure
if that's gonna work but I feel like it
should work because I've done the
readings forward so like I just need to
write it right please let this work out
yeah
[Music]
hi so it is 6 p.m. and back is really
really cool outside but the good news is
I finished my essay is done I handed it
in it's gone I just quickly need to drop
my professor an email like attach to
scan cuz I always do dad's just like you
know in case it doesn't reach him he
doesn't have to like track me down it's
just in his email inbox so yeah man he's
done is handed in that was the goal goal
achieved um we're not done with her
jurisprudence readings but I did like
finish that chapter took notes on it but
you know we still have some way to go so
that's what we're gonna do tomorrow
morning and then we're hopefully gonna
start with you know brushing up the
reading notes from other subjects so I
also did some Christmas shopping which
I'm very proud of because normally I do
my Christmas shopping on December 23rd
because I don't have it together yes
that is true
like you know I'm very organized with
like academics and stuff but like my
private life is like a mess so I have
like two ways of buying Christmas gifts
iver I bet him in like February and I
stored him or I buyed him on December
23rd so this is rare but like I was
inspired I was like I know what I'm
gonna buy so I did that
i also bought myself some food so i'm
gonna make myself some today yes you
heard that right
Alana's gonna make dinner um guys we're
growing Kate is personal growth um see
Jen actually left me her patent on what
see Jenna actually left me her pot and
pan there we go um and so I can you know
make myself some food um and I've
actually managed to make bacon you
Everdeen and this one going to do again
because was so good and I'm just gonna
make myself some new people okay um
let's just be real about that but yeah
that's the plan for the rest of the
evening and I'm gonna read a bit in my
new book which I wanted to show you guys
here we go
um so this book I got this a while ago
but I haven't you know gotten around to
reading it but it's called the Kremlin
school of negotiation which is
intriguing I mean I guess the town gives
it away it's just about you know
negotiation strategies and like how you
I guess get what you want
um but I wasn't really expecting you to
be written the way it's written because
it's kind of written like a textbook of
like exercises and like you know boxes
up like this is what you have to
remember and this is a rule and whatever
um yeah I'm not really sure if I like it
yet to be honest um it is very textbook
II like it even has like symbols I don't
know if you guys can see this you know
like all the symbols are like explained
in the beginning and so it's a bit I
don't know it just feels very school
like and I was kind of expecting this
much be like I don't know more like an
adult book yeah but maybe it is it's not
bad I'm going to be honest like I
haven't gotten that far to judge it it's
just like the layout is kind of a bit
like school um but yeah I'm gonna report
it back so I think I'm just gonna read a
little bit in this while I'm eating my
dinner
hi so when I was editing this I realized
I never got back to the book so let me
give you guys my take on it matter I
read it um all right I think either one
of my new favorite books no it
definitely changed like my perspective
on negotiations because a lot of the
things he's recommending you're like wow
they do the absolute opposite in all
these TV shows you know which is
interesting but I mean this guy did it
for a living so I guess you trust the
book more but yeah um but I don't know
the textbook style wasn't really for me
I was I don't know not really into it it
was a bit too textbook II but that could
just be because I just got out of sight
you know my uni contacts like now I'm on
break and like maybe I just didn't want
to see in our textbook style text I
don't know
but yeah if you're interested in it um
it definitely has great techniques but
it is something I think that it's more
intended for you to kind of study it um
rather than just you know read it
because it has all these exercises and
stuff in it so you know you're up for
studying it just looks great but if
you're just looking for you know a read
that you can just read an evening that's
probably not it but yeah if you guys
editor I'm gonna get any info box below
and now let's get back to the blog and
then I'm gonna fall asleep at 7 p.m.
because I'm sick and I want to sleep so
that I can get better stuffing I'm just
gonna fall into bed at 7 waking up at
4:00 tomorrow hopefully finished
jurisprudence before breakfast and then
we're gonna get onto the next one
yeah that's the plan so I'll see you
guys tomorrow morning good morning guys
it's the next day let's not talk about
what time it is because it is not good
basically what happened is I did get up
at 4:00 and yeah I felt terrible because
I was really sick but I feel like I
don't look sick which is a good thing
but basically my nose is running a lot
um but I got rid of the headache by
sleeping for my hours which was
beautiful but also a little bit
undeserved because now I'm a bit behind
on work which we don't like so here's
the plan I'm gonna work work work work
work and hopefully catch up and yeah
that is my brilliant master plan so I
made myself some tea because that is
life and yeah here's the plan for today
finish my jurisprudence reading notes
and then I'll decide whether I will keep
going with jurisprudence and just go
over the lecture notes as well and just
you know finish this up I'm just like
make sure it like all of the annotated
that I have them printed out and in my
folder or whatever I'll move on to
reading notes of another subject now
that I'm saying that I feel like it's
best to just stay on the subject once I
started with it so I think I'll go on
into lecture notes which is pretty
messed it up and yeah that should be
done by like 4 p.m. and then maybe we
can start a nervous
I'm being very optimistic here but I
have to be because um I did not wake up
when I should have woken up so you know
we gotta work two hours later hi guys so
um we've made some progress but I'm so
not productive but like I'm trying okay
I'm really trying um I think I might
have taken a bit too many painkillers
this morning
but we're getting there it's fine to be
honest I feel good like really good um
thanks to a lot of medicine in my body
but I feel good so as I was saying I
wasn't too productive but it I mean I've
done work and the highlight of my day so
far is that I've drawn a Venn diagram
yeah
my life is not very interesting um but I
know the less choose to make videos
about it maybe that is a poor Content
choice but I've made it and now I'm here
and that's what my channel is about so
sorry not sorry um so let me show you my
bed diagram because that's all that I
have in my life at the moment this is
what I'm reading
choosing a legal fury on moral grounds
it's actually more interesting and it
sounds I promise so yeah hold on there
we go my beautiful Venn diagram to be
honest this year I've kind of fallen in
love with Venn diagrams I don't really
know why um it just happened so yeah if
I ever like decided to sell my notes I
feel like I should advertise them with
like a lot of Venn diagrams like if you
like when diagrams these are the notes
for you I'm just kidding I don't know
how to sell my notes some people text me
about it and you're like do you sell
your notes I'm sorry I don't I don't
know how to do that I don't even know if
I'm allowed to do that so I'm sorry I
called some windows otherwise I'd love
to now put them on eBay be like if you
love Venn diagrams buy these law school
nerds but yeah so I think now um do you
hear this these are people punting I
don't know what they're so excited
because the weather is crap it is
literally super cold I would not want to
be in a pond but
okay so here's the plan I'm gonna grab
my laptop and I'm gonna go up there
because this is my favorite study space
so I'm just gonna take away my massive
hole puncher and light my candles and
stuff and then I'm just gonna make
myself comfortable there and I'm gonna
finish these readings now um the reason
I'm going up there is because the light
in my room is so bad um
it is like literally not even a free PM
yet but like the Weber's is bad so there
is no good light here and I just feel
like this is like not the best area to
working because the light is just not
that great
also Alayna may or may not have had her
a desk lamp removed because it really
wasn't fashionable it just didn't work
for my aesthetic yeah I mean I can
always go to the library to be fair and
I do that a lot because I mainly study
in the library it's just on right now
the library is very full with you know
some people stay behind but also a lot
of people who came for interviews and
you know then there's like a lot of
noise down I just worked best hen
silence so here I am
but to me fapping I would be more
productive ever wonder library so
tomorrow we're going to the library
because we need to do work so now I'm
going up there
finishing reading this and then we're
done with supervision free and then we
only have supervision for to go and then
we're done with all those supervision
reading notes for jurisprudence and that
is beautiful and I want to get there so
let's do it
welcome to my study spot people
featuring my fuzzy socks and the river
cam and the old library of Dawn's um
yeah and bad weather but it's fine I'm
inside so basically we've gotten a lot
further and this is finished so bye bye
and these notes are finished too which
is beautiful so this is what they look
like and we're done with supervision
free which means only one more set of
reading notes to go and then we're done
with jurisprudence isn't it beautiful
it is so here's the plan now I'm gonna
go back down to my desk which is always
a bit of a climbing exercise because I'm
not weighs 40 because they eat way too
much you can make maggots but what can
you do and
then I'm gonna take a look at you know
how much I didn't have it together super
actually I think I did have it together
actually like generally in jurisprudence
I I had it together this year but like
you noticed some readings you don't get
to which aren't necessary for
supervision itself so those are reasons
I haven't done but let's see how big the
extent of what I haven't done is I hope
it's not that big but we'll see five
minutes later you know what I take it
back I did not have a together
attribution for I thought I did um to be
fair like generally I think this year I
know not this year this term okay we're
not per year but this term I feel like I
did like generally have it together I
did all the readings I needed to do
sometimes I even did like extra work
whenever I could um yeah no extra work
was done for supers and for thanks to
myself yeah so this is what I have to do
um so yeah two chapters a few essays and
another chapter don't we love it
and then I also need to read a few more
pages in fuller because I did read them
before but I didn't take notes in them
because I'm a genius
um to be fair I didn't take notes in
these because I didn't really understand
them so two notes I took on them what
questions to ask in my supervision
because I wasn't really sure what the
pages were saying um so I looked at my
supervision nodes which cleared up some
things um so I'm gonna now go over the
pages again annotate the militant and
then hopefully have like I've got
understanding of what was going on those
last few pages so that I can put that
down on paper potentially with the help
with a nother Venn diagram
so yeah that's too high it is a lot
later in conclusion I had no idea what
was going on in this final part of the
morality of law so good that I asked
questions and didn't take notes because
those nodes will be
pointless but thanks to my brilliant
supervisor I now understood what was
going on so thank you so I guess that
shows the supervision system is working
um
but basically it took me a lot longer to
work for like 25 pages than I thought it
would because it's only 25 pages but
because I was an idiot and didn't really
understand what's going on there um it
took a while so yeah but I think it was
worth taking my time with this should I
really work through that's the thing
about jurisprudence like you usually
don't have a lot of reading in terms of
like pages like in a lot of other
subjects you usually have like a
thousand pages of reading you're just
like oh my god how am I gonna get fruit
is and jurisprudence you have like 150
pages of reading you're like wow
sweet but those take a lot longer
because you have to engage a lot more of
them in your head and that's why
jurisprudence I tend to draw a lot
because I'm just like you know trying to
put what I think on the paper and like
make it a graph so that likely turn I
can follow my thought process I'm not
sure if this is making sense I hope it
is um so yeah anyway I have basically
spent one and a half hours on 25 pages
yeah let's get into that too much yeah
basically now I'm gonna Skype with a
friend
in like 10 minutes um because yeah we
Skype a lot I met her through the
foundation which gave me a scholarship
thank you so much I'm it's a German
foundation and by the way if you are a
German student studying in the EU you
can actually self
apply because normally when you're still
in high school you have to be
recommended by your school but if you're
already in university you can self apply
and the opportunity self apply is
opening up brass pretty soon so if you
guys are interested in the foundation
they are called the students if don't
start and focus it's German as far as I
know you need to speak German for the
undergraduate application so but if you
are one of the people fitting this
description
you can self-applied air it's basically
just you know writing an application and
taking a test um so it's pretty easy
um and it's really worth it you get to
connect with a lot of people there are
amazing opportunities it's not just
about funding your studies but also
things like you know meetups with people
and then you can join summer programs
which focus on specific areas including
international law or if you're
interested in science ethics there were
so many workshops running so many things
it is really really cool yeah if you're
interested I'm gonna put a link in the
info box below
but that's basically how we met um and
now we just regularly Skype and we've
become really good friends um so yeah
another benefit of applying to the
foundation um so that's what I'm gonna
do and then I'm gonna go and I'm gonna
meet up with some people hopefully
someone's gonna show up because I
offered people who are here for
interviews that they can come and meet
me and you know have a chat about
Cambridge my life I'm off to have any
questions about my interview or anything
so yeah I hope that I won't be sitting
alone in a coffee shop because they'll
be a bit sad I'll just you know just in
case bring a book um I mean I have
enough work to do for jurisprudence okay
not gonna lie so if nobody shows up I'm
just gonna do work for two hours there
and drink a smoothie and be fine but
yeah let's see how that goes um so I
guess I'll see you guys tomorrow
hopefully being a lot more productive
and hopefully my news will stop running
because it's really annoying
um yeah that's the plan
good morning guys it is 6:00 a.m. and it
is two days later because I was really
sick for the last two days I thought I'd
gotten better but I think that was only
temporary
and now I'm like that I'm not getting
out of bed I'm not gonna vlog because I
was really really sick and I like she
fell asleep at 3:00 p.m. yesterday and I
woke up this morning so yeah I needed
that but basically I have got anything
for two days
oh here's the plan I'm gonna wrap up
everything I need to do for
jurisprudence and hopefully gonna wrap
that up latest by 10:00 a.m. fully done
printing everything out putting it in
one of my folders moving on to the next
subject because we really really need to
move on and yeah also I'm dressed super
dramatically today
I got this from Zara but the reason I
look like I'm going to funerals because
well my hope of the UK ever cancelling
brexit is dead it is the day after the
general election and the Conservatives
had a big win as you may know from my
Twitter I'm absolutely not for brexit
but I respect the way people voted and
honestly I'm kind of grateful that that
is the results the election because at
least a result is clear I was kind of
afraid that you know we wouldn't see a
clear tendency either way and that then
you know we've been a different mess
because we still wouldn't have an answer
but we have a clear answer
people want brexit um I don't like it I
don't think it's a smart choice but I
respect that this is the way people vote
it so I'm officially burying my hopes
today and yeah it's a great day guys um
not really given what the country just
voted for but I have a European passport
and I've never been more grateful to
have a non UK passport from the European
Union
so here's plan for today lots of reading
lots of work and yeah let's do it
I'm so glad I'm not sick anymore because
now I feel really really good after I
had about I don't know 20 hours of sleep
so yeah let's get to work
[Music]
[Applause]
it's a bit later um we have fallen quite
far jurisprudence so that's good but
we're not there yet that's not good so
I've now decided I'm gonna take myself
to the library and work there because I
don't know I can I feel that I got less
productive here in my room so I'm gonna
go to the library because that kind of
works for me like that is like my most
productive space um so yeah I thought
about changing because I look like I'm
going to a funeral but to be honest this
is so comfortable I am not changing
because I bought this oversize because
um they didn't have my size so I don't
think it's supposed to be oversized um
but you know what it works and um yeah
oversized dresses are comfy so I'm just
gonna chill in my funeral look at the
library I mean the tour is just one so I
feel like it's bad um I guess brexit is
happening now yeah so let me take my
worries to the library and juice prunes
and hopefully finish and yeah I'm also
gonna bring my folder I'm gonna just
print my stuff in the library and then
hopefully we can start in every subject
by like the middle of the day that's
like the new goal um so yeah let's do it
[Music]
hey guys so I finished my notes I
printed them and everything we add down
with jurisprudence finally this took way
longer to ensure but in my defense I was
quite sick but yeah we're done
sit as well looks like now so these are
my lecture notes which I just printed
and it was trouble to get color printing
but it worked so here are my lecture
notes and then here are all of my
supervision notes and yeah basically I
just put them in my folder and here we
go everything here lovely we're done
love that for me so the plan now is
we're gonna start a new step drag I'm
not really sure which one yet um I think
I might go for contract about we'll see
but yeah basically that's the plan for
the rest of the day just start a number
set of notes to you know complete with
any readings I didn't do and then move
on to the next one and the next one and
so on
oh yeah so I think that's the end of
this vlog um thank you so much for
sticking around I'm sorry it was a bit
messy normally I'm a bit more productive
but also normally and healthy so yeah
but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed it
nonetheless and yeah I guess I'll see
you guys in the next one thank you so
much for watching have a nice day bye